PLAT-129759: TabGroup: Added JSDoc and fixed tab border-left bug (#488)
enactjs/agate: CHANGELOG.md

- `agate/LabeledIconButton` to display label text on multiple lines (removed marquee)
- `agate/LabeledIconButton` `max-width` to display huge sized icon correctly
- `agate/MediaPlayer` previous button functionality to play media from the beginning after being paused

> - `agate/TabGroup` tab `border-left` to not be applied for vertical orientation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `agate/TabGroup` tab `border-bottom` to be applied for vertical orientation
```
